Another year is over. 
A new year will soon begin.
Xmas. Merry Xmas. 
Happy New Year. 
A Year with Python. 
Yes. 
A year with challenges. 
Yes.
Onsite Python trainings went Online. 
Xmas. Yes. Bodenseo. Merry Xmas. Easy. Easier. health. online is easier. Remote learning. Python. An interesting result. Online even better than onsite. Remote Xmas. Happy New Year. Quite near.  
a lot of fun.
Virtual Courses. 
No airplanes. No trains. No car.
Merry Xmas Bodenseo. 
happy merry successful. 
health. 
And the charm of Python.
I wanna wish you a Merry Xmas
I wanna wish you a Merry Xmas
I wanna wish you a Merry Xmas
From the bottom of my heart.
Learning, teach, teaching. successful. fun.
Sleigh bells ring
are you listening
in the lane
Merry Xmas
snow is glistening
A beautiful sight
we're happy tonight
walking in a winter wonderland
Bodenseo
Gone away is the bluebird
here to stay is a new bird
He sings a love song
as we go along
she sings a love song
walking in a winter wonderland
In the meadow we can build a snowman
Then pretend that he is Parson Brown
He'll say: Are you married?
we'll say: No man
But you can do the job
when you're in town
walking in a winter wonderland
as we dream by the fire
To face unafraid
the plans that we've made
walking in a winter wonderland
fun with Python
Happy New Year
this the season to wish one another joy and love and peace. Merry Xmas.
Merry Xmas and a Happy New Year!
Wishing you a very Merry Xmas.
The gift of love. The gift of peace. 
The gift of happiness. May all these be yours at Xmas.
All your wishes may come true.
May Santa Claus bring everything you wished for. 
Merry Xmas!
Here’s to a year of blessings and beyond. 
Have a Merry Xmas!
Bodenseo
courses
seminars
online
Happ New Year
    Best wishes for Happy Holidays and a wonderful New Year.
    Warmest greetings of this festive season and best wishes for happiness this New Year.
    Wishing you a magical and blissful holiday!
    All the best to everyone this Holiday Season!
    May everything on your wishlist come true. Happy Holidays!
    Here’s to a wonderful Holiday season and a Happy New Year!
Merry Xmas
    For your Xmas time I wish you many blessings, much happiness, and even more love.
    Having you as my friend makes me feel as if it is Xmas every day. Merry Xmas.
    Xmas is a feeling true friends share with laughter and love to show that they care.
    I hope you’re all making this a Xmas to remember!
    So grateful to have a friend like you at Xmas and all year long.
    Your friendship and your love is the best Xmas gift that I’ve gotten. Merry Xmas.
    It’s friends like you that make this season so special and magical.
    Wishing you peace, joy, and all the best this wonderful holiday has to offer. May this incredible time of giving and spending time with family bring you the joy that lasts throughout the year.
walking in a winter wonderland
as we dream by the fire
To face unafraid
the plans that we've made
walking in a winter wonderland